FEATURE: Make rendering of request in exception log configurable (#2359)
neos/flow-development-collection: Neos.Flow/Documentation/TheDefinitiveGuide/PartIII/Logging.rst

  HTTP REQUEST:
  127.0.0.1:8081keep-aliveno-cacheno-cacheimageMozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/80.0.3987.132 Safari/537.361image/webp,image/apng,image/*,*/*;q=0.8same-originno-corshttp://127.0.0.1:8081/flow/welcomegzip, deflate, brde-DE,de;q=0.9,en-US;q=0.8,en;q=0.7

>   HTTP RESPONSE:

Author: The response is no longer logged as of Flow 7 (and was totally useless before anyway, as it was just a dummy response).

  Inode: 
  PID: 2296
  UID: 1
  GID: 1
  User: 

.. note::

>   As of Flow 7.1 you can configure if the HTTP Request should be logged in the default exception handler via the setting ``Neos.Flow.log.throwables.renderRequestInformation``.

Author: ```suggestion
  As of Flow 7.1 you can configure if the HTTP Request should be logged in the default ThrowableStorage via the boolean setting ``Neos.Flow.log.throwables.renderRequestInformation``.
```
